---
layout: default
---
Anthropogenic climate change is an undeniable issue in today’s society,
altering Earth’s landscape. One of these impacts is rising sea levels: as global
warming causes Earth’s oceans to expand, they may damage coastal infras-
tructure and force people to relocate, among other consequences. Previous
predictions of sea level rise come from Earth System Models (ESMs), which
are complex and computationally intensive. Consequently, they can model
sea-level rise only for a limited number of emission scenarios, or Shared So-
cioeconomic Pathways (SSPs). Our model aims to explore the full range of
sea-level rise scenarios by emulating these ESMs, providing fast, efficient ap-
proximations. To do this, we processed the NorESM2-LM output data for sea-
level rise and used the Building Blocks for Relevant Ice and Climate Knowl-
edge (BRICK) model framework to develop a sea-level rise predictor. More-
over, limited studies reference the socioeconomic impacts of sea-level rise.
Our study attempts quantify the impacts of sea level rise on population and
GDP. This model is an adaptation of the Python Coastal Impact and Adapta-
tion Model (PYCIAM). Its input is predictions generated by the model using
the BRICK framework, and its outputs are damage costs and population relo-
cation due to sea-level rise.

# Introduction

# Methodology
#### Initial Surface Air Temperature (TAS) Data Collection
#### Generating Regional Sea Level Rise (RSLR) Data
#### Modeling Economic Costs Using RSLR Data 

# Results
#### Data Visualization 1
#### Data Visualization 2

# Conclusion

# Discussion

# Appendix